Version 4.0.1.3
Fixed: Pay Invoice button on Finance tab stopped functioning, due to added column open amount.
Fixed: Search Tab clear button didn’t erase phone number.
Fixed: Update database produced error in languages other than English.

Version 4.0.1.2
New: Added this version log
New: Memofield with Reportstab active shows memo for currently selected Client.
New: Added Credit Card information to Client window.
New: Manual update is now possible. Auto-update reduced to once a week.
Fixed: In Settings windows, tab License was renamed correctly in Dutch (Licentie).
Fixed: expired license now gives LicenseWindow in stead of shutting down TrackManager.

Version 4.0.0.30
New: Finance tab now shows open amount per invoice.
Enhanced: Replaced logo’s on Splash, windows icons and login screen. (We love it)
Enhanced: Show previously selected items better when clicking on a different list in the Finance Form.
Enhanced: Close About window when clicking anywhere on the screen.
Fixed: Edit Appointment Screen doesn’t show on 64bit windows.

Version 4.0.0.28
New: Added option to show Client age in appointment tab, up to specified age (Settings).
Enhanced: It is no longer possible to enter/save the Settings twice when entering Demo data.
Enhanced: Show existing License info on the License tab in Settings, if available.
Enhanced: “Limit to Type” Group screen on “Custom” tab is wider to better accommodate the text.
Enhanced: Replaced “Description” with “Product” in the Finance window.
Fixed: Tabs are wider than screen when Language of the system is English, due to larger calendar.
Fixed: TM crashes when Track1 does not fit on the current window.

Version 4.0.0.24
Enhanced: Do not show Change Appointment screen for Teacher or Bar.
Fixed: Removed popup “Table Found” when clicking “Show Client appointments” button.
Fixed: Crash when selecting a report with attributes that do not yet exist. All selected attributes are now checked first.

Version 4.0.0.22
New:  Added option to remove log files/entries older than 1 day/week/month with auto delete.
Fixed: When creating a new invoice for a group, update the total number of lessons bought for that group on the Groups tab.

Version 4.0.0.20
New: Added “Edit Appointment screen” with option to edit Lesson Level directly in calendar.
New: Added place or reorder appointments on specific location on Track. (with move).
New: Invoice Name & Invoice Number can now be provided by user (Settings window).
Enhanced: Auto-check invoice after every change.
Enhanced: Replaced text “Keep logs” with “Remove logs older than”.
Fixed: Seasonend = seasonstart + seasonlenght => Seasonend = seasonstart + seasonlenght – 1 day.
Fixed: Cannot move appointment with deviant start time.

Version 4.0.0.0
Complete rebuild with:
ClickOnce application, installable over Internet
Auto-Update (non-optional)
Latest dotNet version (4.5)
Latest SQL version (2012) Also supports SQL 2008, 2008R2



