Version 4.1.7
Fixed: Future dates are no longer allowed as birthdays in the Client window
Fixed: Future Birtdays no longer cause an error in the calendar.

Version 4.1.6
New: Added the option to display all Lessontypes of a Client in the Group overview.
New: Added the option to not require a Lessontype when booking an appointment at the Bar.
New: Added the option to display muliple lines of text for an Appointment
New: Added the option to refresh all database objects except tables and data.
New: Added the option to delete a maximum of 1 appointment at a time.
Enhanced: The Overbooked report now counts/shows all apointments and finances for a whole season for clients that have an appointment in a given timeframe.
Fixed: Invoicenumbers above 10000 all got number 10000
fixed: The Logging report now shows the last 1000 rows in stead of the first 1000 rows for a given day.

Version 4.1.5
New: Added the option to show Open Bills information on the main calendar by underlining appointments.
New: Added the option to display a "!" at a clients last appointment.
New: Added the Option to select or unselect all clients in the appointment list at once.
New: Added the option to choose a Date Format for reports
Fixed: Doubleclick issue on several buttons is resolved

Version 4.1.4
New: Added the option to change the order of the main Application-buttons on the lower left side of the screen.
New: Added the option to display a warning when overbooking (more appointments than invoiced).
Enhanced: Client age now shows in most screens including * for birthday.
Enhanced: Unpaid invoices from old season(s) are shown in invoice list.
Fixed: In some cases ghost-appointments appear in reports that do not appear in the calendar.

Version 4.1.3
New: Added the menu item "Clear All Locks" to clear all locks from the selected day.
Fixed: Cancelling emailing a report or emailing a report without emailaddress produces error.
Fixed: After deleting a LessonType, you can update the appointments that had that lessontype.

Version 4.1.2
New: Undo function for deleted and moved appointments.
New: Report Invoices for reporting statistics about invoices.
New: Report Products for reporting statistics about sold products.
New: Report 'Underbooked' for reporting sold lessons that have not been booked yet.
New: Report Children for statistics about children's lessons
Enhanced: improved functionality for (un)moved and (un)deleted appointments.
Enhanced: setup.exe is renamed to SetupTrackManager.exe.
Enhanced: Extended the report "Appointments" to include Group or Client names.
Enhanced: Report headers are now translated.
Fixed: No database version number after create new database.
Fixed: TrackManager crashes after displaying login screen for 5 minutes without logging in.
Fixed: After creating or moving appointment client data wasn't updated properly.
Fixed: languagelist stops working when changing database name.
Fixed: Report quickbuttons now show name of report even when there is no translation available.
Fixed: Correct Lesson Count couldn'd handle deleted appointments.

Version 4.1.1
New: Report Appointments for reporting statistics about appointments.
Enhanced: Email Report now shows correct subject and recepient.
Fixed: Print button on Reports tab temporarily disables after click to prevent double printing.
Fixed: Email report with empty fields in it is now possible.
Fixed: Report Open Bills now only shows bills for clients on specified date and not invoices made that date.
Fixed: Report Overbooked rewritten to prevent long running and crashes

Version 4.1.0
New: Report options to select which report is under which button. All reports are now on 1 tabpage.
New: Ability to change, import or export Languages. Every button/list/report/label can be translated or renamed by the user.
New: Group Search in Finance, Group and Client window.
Enhanced: Rewritten all reports for better performance.
Enhanced: Warning when deleting appointments to prevent accidental deletes.
Enhanced: translated Appointmentchange window.
Enhanced: Improved "Move Appointment" functionality.
Fixed: Group Search funtion now works again.
Fixed: Memo is saved before screen refreshes and accidentilly deletes non-saved Memo.
Fixed: Memo was showing only client memos made the same day.
Fixed: Check Invoices now skips deleted payments and invoicelines while checking.

Version 4.0.4
New: Option to enter an (alternate) Email Address when sending email. No need to select a client first.
Enhanced: Default Sort Order for new products = Maximum + 1.
Enhanced: Scaling of Groups and Finance screen improved.
Fixed: Appoinment Delete didn't always work correctly.
Fixed: Client Level was not always handled correctly.
Fixed: Several Reports no longer report deleted appointments/clients/groups.
Fixed: Client Memo on Groups tab is now the same as Client Memo on Finance tab.

Version 4.0.3
New: Implemented Checks for selecting the clients for which to Create/Move/Delete appointment.
Enhanced: Scaling when resizing Tracks screen improved.
Enhanced: Delete does not remove but render inactive on most objects.
Ehnanced: SQL Server procedures have been rewritten for better performance.
Enhanced: Level for appointment checks for future existing appointments first.
Enhanced: Option to delete multiple appointments at once, using checks.
Enhanced: Manual now points to new website http://trackmanager.nl/manual.
Enhanced: Added totals to reports for better printing.
Enhanced: Translated Report subtext to Dutch.
Fixed: Memofield on CustomTab now holds Client Memo.
Fixed: Left side of screen now properly scales when resizing window.
Fixed: Overbooked now also shows when there are 0 lessons billed or booked.
Fixed: Additional clients automatically add rows, but without lessontype or level.
Fixed: Client information can now be deleted instead of only changed.
Fixed: Error on first time install with new licensenumber and new database.

Version 4.0.2
New: Report on number of lessons booked versus number of lessons billed per group (Reports / Overbooked).
New: Report on client lessons with Memotext (Custom / Lessons / Overview).
New: Ability to update the client level all future appointments to the one just changed (Appointment Change window).
Enhanced: Improved tab-selection methods.
Fixed: TM crashes after updating license.
Fixed: Set a minimum and maximum date for the calendar to disable selecting too small/large a year.
Fixed: Error when changing column width without selecting an item in the list.
Fixed: Set invoicename to maximum of 15 characters to avoid too long invoicenames.
Fixed: Minor translation issues for Dutch.
Fixed: Save Memo button didn't work under specific circumstances.
Fixed: Updated Config value retrieval to better select the requested value in case of double values.

Version 4.0.1.3
Fixed: Pay Invoice button on Finance tab stopped functioning, due to added column open amount.
Fixed: Search Tab clear button didn’t erase phone number.
Fixed: Update database produced error in languages other than English.

Version 4.0.1.2
New: Added this version log.
New: Memofield with Reportstab active shows memo for currently selected Client.
New: Added Credit Card information to Client window.
New: Manual update is now possible. Auto-update reduced to once a week.
Fixed: In Settings windows, tab License was renamed correctly in Dutch (Licentie).
Fixed: expired license now gives LicenseWindow in stead of shutting down TrackManager.

Version 4.0.0.30
New: Finance tab now shows open amount per invoice.
Enhanced: Replaced logo’s on Splash, windows icons and login screen. (We love it).
Enhanced: Show previously selected items better when clicking on a different list in the Finance Form.
Enhanced: Close About window when clicking anywhere on the screen.
Fixed: Edit Appointment Screen doesn’t show on 64bit windows.

Version 4.0.0.28
New: Added option to show Client age in appointment tab, up to specified age (Settings).
Enhanced: It is no longer possible to enter/save the Settings twice when entering Demo data.
Enhanced: Show existing License info on the License tab in Settings, if available.
Enhanced: “Limit to Type” Group screen on “Custom” tab is wider to better accommodate the text.
Enhanced: Replaced “Description” with “Product” in the Finance window.
Fixed: Tabs are wider than screen when Language of the system is English, due to larger calendar.
Fixed: TM crashes when Track1 does not fit on the current window.

Version 4.0.0.24
Enhanced: Do not show Change Appointment screen for Teacher or Bar.
Fixed: Removed popup “Table Found” when clicking “Show Client Appointments” button.
Fixed: Crash when selecting a report with attributes that do not yet exist. All selected attributes are now checked first.

Version 4.0.0.22
New:  Added option to remove log files/entries older than 1 day/week/month with auto delete.
Fixed: When creating a new invoice for a group, update the total number of lessons bought for that group on the Groups tab.

Version 4.0.0.20
New: Added “Edit Appointment screen” with option to edit Lesson Level directly in calendar.
New: Added place or reorder appointments on specific location on Track. (with move).
New: Invoice Name & Invoice Number can now be provided by user (Settings window).
Enhanced: Auto-check invoice after every change.
Enhanced: Replaced text “Keep logs” with “Remove logs older than”.
Fixed: Seasonend = seasonstart + seasonlenght => Seasonend = seasonstart + seasonlenght – 1 day.
Fixed: Cannot move appointment with deviant start time.

Version 4.0.0.0
Complete rebuild with:
ClickOnce application, installable over Internet.
Auto-Update (non-optional).
Latest dotNet version (4.5).
Latest SQL version (2012) Also supports SQL 2008, 2008R2.



